a a a a a a a 
a a a a a I I 
I I I I I I I 
I I Ð am an at at 
at at at by he he he 
he he he if in in in 
in is it no no of of 
of of of of of of of 
of of of of of of of 
of on on on on or or 
or to to to to to to 
to us we He He He He 
He He He Of air all and 
and and and and and and and 
and and and and and and and 
and and and and and and are 
are but but but cut did did 
did far far for for get had 
had had had had had had had 
had had had had had had had 
had had has him him him his 
his his his his how how it? 
lay lay let not not not not 
not not now off off off old 
old orc out out out out own 
rag run run sat see sky the 
the the the the the the the 
the the the the the the the 
the the the us! us? was was 
was was was was was way way 
we, All And But But But His 
His The Why Why arms arms back 
been been blew cold come come come 
dark dim. even fell felt from from 
gone good have have head hear hold 
hope hope horn into into just kill 
last lay, like long made many memo 
more much much only over poor rain 
rest said shot slew some than than 
that that that them them them them 
then then they they they they they 
they they they they they tied till 
very were were were were when when 
when will wish wish wish with with 
Cold Good Just Orcs Orcs Orcs Orcs 
Then Then They What What What about 
above again arms. back. back; been? black 
blown bound came, claim come, could could 
could could dirty drawn drawn dream dream 
ever. every face. faces first fled. found 
free! great great group head, hurt. legs, 
long; lying more. never other ought piece 
piece rang, right sick. side. small stood 
that, their their their them, them? throw 
tree, tried until voice where white woke. 
woods worse Frodo Merry Merry Merry Merry 
Merry Merry Orcs. Orcs. Orcs; Where Where 
Won't aching across almost always ankles answer 
answer appear arrow; became brows. coming cords. 
dashed didn't dozens dream; echoes faced, fierce 
fight, fight. going? hands. itself large, least, 
little memory notice pieced plans? seemed sprung 
stolen taking trees. trees. turned wonder woods. 
yelled Beside Elrond Frodo! Frodo, Merry! Merry? 
Pippin Pippin Pippin Slowly against arrows; calling 
company course; crashed echoing goblins grasped grinned 
growing hideous hideous hundred instead knocked leaning 
leaping luggage several someone suppose swords, through 
waking. wrists, Boromir Boromir Boromir Evening Gandalf 
Strider attacked attacked darkness dismayed happened himself. 
hundreds hundreds luggage. plucking remember remember shadows, 
shadows. standing suddenly thought. together troubled tunnels, 
Boromir. Boromir? Pippin's Strider? Uruk-Hai nuisance; persuaded 
separated shouting, suddenly. listening, passenger, questions.  
       
     