The Uruk-Hai
Pippin lay in a dark and troubled dream; it seemed that he could hear his
own small voice echoing in black tunnels, calling Frodo, Frodo! But instead of
Frodo hundreds of hideous orc faces grinned at him out of the shadows, hundreds
of hideous arms grasped at him from every side. Where was Merry?
He woke. Cold air blew on his face. He was lying on his back. Evening was
coming and the sky above was growing dim. He turned and found that the
dream was little worse than the waking. His wrists, legs, and ankles were tied
with cords. Beside him Merry lay, white faced, with a dirty rag bound across his
brows. All about them sat or stood a great company of Orcs.
Slowly in Pippin's aching head memory pieced itself together and became
separated from dream shadows. Of course; he and Merry had run off into the
woods. What had come over them? Why had they dashed off like that, taking no
notice of old Strider? They had run a long way shouting, he could not remember
how far or how long; and then suddenly they had crashed right into a group of
Orcs; they were standing listening, and they did not appear to see Merry and
Pippin until they were almost in their arms. Then they yelled and dozens of other
goblins had sprung out of the trees. Merry and he had drawn their swords, but
the Orcs did not wish to fight, and had tried only to lay hold of them, even when
Merry had cut off several of their arms and hands. Good old Merry! Then
Boromir had come leaping through the trees. He had made them fight. He slew
many of them and the rest fled. But they had not gone far on the way back when
they were attacked again by a hundred Orcs at least, some of them very large,
and they shot a rain of arrows; always at Boromir.
Boromir had blown his great horn till the woods rang, and at first the Orcs
had been dismayed and had drawn back; but when no answer but the echoes
came, they had attacked more fierce than ever. Pippin did not remember much
more. His last memo was of Boromir leaning against a tree, plucking out an
arrow; then darkness fell suddenly.
I suppose I was knocked on the head, he said to himself. I wonder if poor
Merry is much hurt. What has happened to Boromir? Why didn't the Orcs kill
us? Where are we, and where are we going?
He could not answer the questions. He felt cold and sick. I wish Gandalf had
never persuaded Elrond to let us come, he thought. What good have I been?
Just a nuisance; a passenger, a piece of luggage. And now I have been stolen and
I am just a piece of luggage for the Orcs. I hope Strider or someone will come and
claim us! But ought I to hope for it? Won't that throw out all the plans? I wish
I could get free!